First Level:
0) A Wise Old Man stands in your way. You must defeat him in a game of wits to move on!

	There is nothing between you and the castle! Do you want to (0) enter through the main gate? or (1) enter through the bridge of death?

Second level:
0 (main gate) ) As you're crossing the moat to the main gate a dragon emerges from the depths below. He gives a mighty roar as he prepares to feast on your flesh. You propose a challenge. If you can defeat him in a game of hangman he will point you on the way to your ________. If you lose, however, he will point you in the way of his stomach.

Victory:	You've defeated the dragon and he prepares to point you on your way but the tricky dragon, angry for losing his dinner, refuses to tell you which way to go.  He opens the gate and flys away. You must choose to (0) go down the stairs to the dark cellar. or (1) climb the long winding stair toward the top.

1 (bridge of death) )  The old man from scene twenty-four appears.  He is the keeper of the bridge of death.  He asks each traveler three questions, no, five questions.  He who answers the three questions, no, five questions, may cross it safely.  What if you get a question wrong, you ask? You are cast into the gorge of eternal peril.  Answer the three questions, no, five questions, as best you can.  God be with you.

Victory:  Right, off you go.  After crossing the bridge of death, you enter the castle.  Here you must choose to (0) go down the left corridor or (1)the right corridor.  What is your choice?

Third Level: 

From Main gate.
0 (Stairs to cellar)  In the corner you gaze upon a man sitting by candlelight.  He jumps to his feet at the sight of your presence.  To your surprise, he says “Hello.  My name is Inigo Montoya.  You killed my father. Prepare to die.”  You are confused because Inigo already avenged his fathers death in The Princess Bride.  Inigo is surprised you know his film so well and offers you a proposition.  If you can get through his trivia questions, you will survive.  Fail, and face the consequences.

Victory:  You've impressed Inigo.  Leaving you with one last riddle he bids you farewell on your mission and the rest of your life.  His riddle states, “my father's killer had six fingers on this hand.  Your answer will be the direction you go.”  The RIGHT answer will lead you on the RIGHT path.  Do you want to go (0)Left or (1)Right.
 

1(Winding stair toward the top) Once at the top of the winding stairs, you encounter Bender from the hit TV series Futurama.  Puffing his cigar and drinking a juice box, he demands you leave his presence.   You plea with him, explaining that you are trying to save your _____.  Bender says that if your brain power can beat his computing power, you can move past him. 

Victory:  You've outsmarted bender.  Walking through a cloud of smoke you continue to walk down a corridor.  But wait, theres a fork.  Do you want to continue (0)left or right(1)?

From Bridge of death . 


0 (left) )  After choosing to walk down the left corridor, Andre the Giant jumps out from behind a corner.  He tells you the he posses the strength of thirty men, to which you respond "but do you posses the wits of a Stuyvesant student?" Andre is insulted and challenges you to play him in hangman.  If you win, you may continue. 

Victory:	You've outsmarted The Giant and he lets you proceed through the corridor.    Do you want to (0)walk up the staircase or (1) open the door on your right?

1(right) “Ni! Ni! Ni! We are the Knights who say...Ni!  The keepers of the sacred word,” says the Knight who says Ni!.  You proclaim, “Knight who says Ni!,  I am a simple traveler who only seeks my ____.”  “Ni!” Says the Knight.  “Well, what is it you want?” You question.  We want...to be entertained! You must beat me in a game of hangman or you will never pass, alive! 

Victory: "Ni! You have beaten me! Continue on your journey, traveler."  You continue walking and come upon a (0) winding staircase or (1) straight staircase.  Which do you choose to take?

Level 4:
From Inigo:
0) (Left) You have chosen… Poorly. Inigo stabs you in the back for going the WRONG WAY!

1) (Right) You walk down the corridor on the right and at the end there is a door. You can hear your ________ on the other side, but a child stands in your way. The child is visiously murdering toys. You recognize him as Sid from toy story. He says he won't let you pass until he is entertained. You tell him that you can show him a game he won't want to break…

Victory: You've Defeated Sid and while he throws a temper tantrum, you manage to slip past him through the door.

From Bender:
0) (left) You walk down the corridor on the left and hear loud, labored, mechanical breathing. You turn the corner and see Darth Vader standing in your path. Vader prepares to strangle you with the force, but senses that the force is strong with you. He challenges you to a game of battleship to test your abilities.

Victory: You've defeated Vader and he realizes that your powers of the force are too great for him to overcome so he allows you to pass.


1) (Right) You walk down the corridor to the right but you are abruptly cut off by the Evil Emperor Zurg. He points his ion blaster at you chanting "Destroy Buzz Lightyear!" You attempt to explain that you are not Buzz Lightyear. Unsure of whether or not to kill you he decides to challenge you to a game of Battleship while he makes his decision.

Victory: You've defeated the Evil Emperor Zurg and he reluctantly decides to let you pass. 

From Andre:
0)(stairwell) You walk to the top of the stairs and you are cut off by a creepy looking guy without a nose. He tells you he is Lord Voldemort, and you ask him why he has no nose. He is extremely insulted by this remark and takes out his wand to kill you. You look down to the floor, but he says he wants to see the lights leave your eyes. You say it isn't fair to kill you with magic because magic doesn't really exist. Surprisingly he accepts this response and challenges you instead to a game of Battleship to determine your fate.

Victory: You've beaten he who must not be named! So ashamed by his defeat, the Dark Lord lets you pass.

1)(door) You walk through the door and enter a room lit bright red. On the far side of the room you see a door guarded by the burning Eye of Sauron. You hear an ominous voice coming from the Eye. He says he would kill you, but as he is nothing but an eye he instead will challenge you to a game of Battleship.
 
Victory: You have defeated the Great Eye of Sauron. Now you can pass through the room safely.

From Ni:
0) (winding stair) You reach the top of the winding stair 
Victory:

1) (straight stair) You reach the end of the stairs 
Victory:

